[Music]
good morning guys we don't
actually know why we are making this
video it's all improvised but we
said okay let's try it and he comes to you not
only with the
healthy choices but the logic
of Romania as you well know guys at
the moment we are in Romania
because we accompanied  Michele here
but since Michele is doing the
quarantine he had to do ten days
so he can't do anything
this evening we will return to Italy
but first we thought it best to go
to an abandoned Romanian restaurant
I will find a typical
Romanian restaurant to try the specialties of
this place we are completely
uninformed on the subject we don't know any
names nothing just one thing that
humans business recommended to me is called
armaleo stare male and I don't know the
exact pronunciation if you know it write it down
below in the comments and above all
write to us what it is even if maybe
we're going to find out and no
guys a little while ago I called a
restaurant because it's half past three
so maybe everything was closed in reality
we found one open it looks
nice it looks and appetizing the reviews
are positive like what the [ __ ] is it called
procopio
what is Krakow  it's called restaurant and
house buco vine anas at 970 reviews 4.4
out of five there's some doubt about it
no as long as there isn't too much combed hair
so we are people of the picture it's not
combed it almost seems like a
trattoria an tavern it looks like something like
that  we are located exactly to the east
of Romania, it is near the border with
Moldova and Ukraine, precisely in the
city of Suceava, which translated means
sucked [ __ ] the
idiot on the 20th from burglary and
clear and what it means, I don't know, it's the
name of the city and a  tradition and
no guys so today
we will accompany you in a
typical Romanian culinary experience we hope that in
some way you will like the video vivi actually
let's do something that lives themes
below in the comments if you might
also like this new type of video as well as
obviously  to the classic
explorations of abandoned places that we
will continue to bring, write it down
below and we will all read it but in your opinion,
to go into this the
wire diagrams like this surprised me without telling me
anything but if casting in this restaurant
where we are going they need torches 2
give each other the bat not  we have it
since maybe in ten days and
we'll be back here you have to convince in
any way from da to go to an
abandoned place because this mass
of muscles of 220
doesn't want to go because he thinks that the
rules are inside these
abandoned places romania  change we
have no way of interacting with anyone
with a real person in quotes
because he doesn't speak English at least in
this area they speak Italian or Spanish
and above all we don't know which Italian
Spanish was serving we don't know
with internal political officials executives
abandoned positions insam adc with
the police that of the antennas too
but above all perhaps when he
enters he can be a local in
quotation marks it's as if they claim it like
however entry pulls back the blows which
makes the point for this you are the
most muscular person in Italy and for  who
will defend the come on let's go you've already
convinced them guys come on
now we're leaving our phone
anyway now when at the legs
section we keep the titanium taxi directly
with the taxi for us
I'm outside of Stratford to be in
Toronto the isocasa hole finiana de marche
my minx front
[Music]
but anyway guys here it's a
different cold than dry Italy it's not a
humid cold so it feels much
more let's see how many degrees it is today
training when we did a
workout it was a minus 1 from the fields at 5pm
it should also rise yes  it's raised by
two degrees and they pay at the taxi but who
gave a dacha then taxis are all
yellow hello
italian
oil tomorrow at this restaurant
restaurant ok thanks anyway
I like the landscape of Romania because it
all looks like castellet sco but everything
inserted inside  of
fantasy there are castles monastra
sleeping in agreement strictly sewing to
make rows of tarnished profiles I don't see
anything celiacs tarnished from our
phones to the restaurants it takes us
very little about 8 minutes we
really owe them promises if
you can guess how much money he asks us for
this route 13  of the two euros and something
I show the money to the Romanians who among
other things we have discovered the
peculiarity of these money that they cannot be
torn even a muscular person
as given has managed to tear them
these are very beautiful aesthetically
very colorful he must say for example if
let's take these 50 lei they are about 10
euros or so that is if you try to tear them they
don't uncork to
mess with other oppositions they are not
pulled just to take a risk
players from over plastic always
significant the so far churches and
monasteries there are beautiful truly
incredible one 17 so  between euros and
something thank
you bye have a good day thank you
from the hobby it's true that all the news let's
see and get the restaurant
probably one day according to the
background
bye bye that wii speak english of the tape
also zoe by
mistake however very characteristic thanks
to this the menu  there's a lot of
problem things that have been or haven't
been, wait but it does see salty and I give
all the stuff to have meanings you believe
that behind given that damian given
this big responsibility this time I
chose this let's put it in 2 or 2 passed
I was walking  all together a mess
you understand nothing it's 800 flasks so let
's take this one which is pan rai and
cuddles it serves polenta ingardi xaus
so it would be fried bread served with
polenta and garlic sauce which is
very typical they eat a lot of garlic
and onion from what we understand
if the  'he also said he asks me for the other
dish instead traditional polenta uil
butter back on chip cisl uil sour cream
therefore and willingly traditional with butter
bacon and Sardinian sheep's cheese
the other two dishes which are the main dishes
obviously we are based on the
section and  traditional dishes
typical dishes because otherwise it doesn't make sense I
chose these two dishes and I read them
first the Romanian what lande porc la cook
thor cook art of coop lunch which is
traditional portlet stick backed
they could then decide nothing about their
order so robin Romanian yes no so  the
first course is traditional porchetta
with bakery potato so these potatoes are
always cheese and the other instead
pork muscle dada muscle I'll read it to you in
English the other work film ascom bay with
coter boletus souls is in back potato
chips in on  top the first two of our
dishes, that is, these appetizers
both cost 39 lei, the other two
are a little more expensive and cost
respectively
50 lei, 45 lei, here we are coselp i tic la
crown woods chovanec aftershow lande
port la couture and you let the porc
douja wrist  it was called sarmale it will be the
air force
work but the faces ok for a hundred days
here the first time of the holidays yes few
people we have met in these
days speak English fluently
but this guy speaks a lot of it
anyway mainly people
especially even those who work in close contact
with people like taxi drivers and things like
that, restaurateurs speak either
Italian or Spanish who said that
basically the people in this
place who work in this place maybe
for years have worked either in Italy or
Spain who have learned
to speak perfectly  these languages
some people however like the top taxi driver
is like a lady
we met yesterday they speak only and
exclusively Romanian therefore it is also
a bit difficult for us to interface
with them but we Italians are good
at gestures like this so we understand each other
anyway enjoy your meal  bon appetit
we this Romanian experience and let's toast
to michele who called us michele
to it or as I call it eating in a
restaurant near your apartment
thank you that is why we are here to eat
requires
we are eating typical Romanian food that
we say what we took it's like this we
tell me if we made the right choice I'll
read the Romanian to you because if I don't know
what the pt is the acea is very good with the
truth yes and then
we'll try it for this very reason then
we took bulls chovanec which is like
a polenta
but it's not finished  here because in reality
we took these as appetizers I don't
know if we made the right choice
we then took two other dishes which
are what lande porc la coop thor cook
art of goo cot what kind of porchetta with
potatoes and cheese and of crimes I
remember this  he really hasn't eaten
from air even in China even if it's
not possible with water now we're waiting for the
dishes and we'll judge them as if we were
judges of Masterchef I take this opportunity
to provide some impressive simple
but very well looked after I must say woman what an
embarrassing arm yours  arm alone
completely alone with the afternoon
it is normal that we are alone anyway
thanks
the first course has arrived I didn't
go out to film because I didn't know
when it would arrive but this
first course is not slower
this is this theoretically corresponds
to the young man chased away it is  the
traditional polenta each of us will obviously
try the dish
we will judge it independently of
each other it
is not this delicious
announces heard from now in 3d this is
good
this is a bit embarrassing there is an incredible way
exactly suitable destination which usually involves
few  they think
creamy simo dei opens a little there then
show some animated this how many
calories charlie I want to know
we have two lovers for dinner although
with effects of bacon inside all this has already
happened
if I swear it's delicious this is
truly incredible they're a bit on the
safe side  with this eggs bacon butter
these combinations on the incredible rating
from 1 to 10 sincerely since you are
continuing to eat without portal it
already means a lot I give it a nice 7
March morocco of eight high half I
like a lot but above all the bacon
photo May  and Cavani but it's good
uncle 10 09 dance from top 8 to fly zone
or seven and a half 8 as a teacher I won't give you a
little less less at the time from 7 to the opera
Spadaro Nota Loca I 8 dub from 7 to 8
no  I think it was a hair it's not a
hair it's the stringy cheese what he
had they rang the
second course is about to arrive the only thing more the
portion is really generous we have a
double complete plate practically
systems this healthy environment it's not an
appetizer an act as if  it was a first
we girls made a mistake
but it didn't take ridian
onion segment that mi4 the
blonde streaks I take like dear antonio
look at this one it's expensive and this coconut
6 pt class this one the huge cat also
this one how he made the
intricate ones eat only me  even more
abundant the other landscapes we see of
all cyclists
show vegetarians will be
happy to see this disembowelment
so much stuff in my opinion these open them
but from those who consistency to cleanliness they
that this is the organic sauce
palladio
let's also taste this dish
obviously we will finish everything with our hands
if with the hands for fakes
if you want we end up with chicken in that chicken
false thing of the madonne sauce very strong
this
of the dress this problem is the band
at dawn but it's not bad between very strong
hospitalization we are not used to
failing a lot of good chicken stuff they make
you taste it  if chicken when the thigh
really has nothing left I want to dip
as he told me from the chicken in sauce
not too
good this one tasted we
are figurative this controversy
is not bad but it is not like the polenta
we make in Italy it is tastier the one
that  we do in Italy
it's not bad however overall rating of the
cat this better but the penalty
has arrived the chef
the show has arrived where the
tamarriest prince of Romania has arrived nice
chicken alone he won't mind the
phenomenon but he makes the sauce between referring
to the browning  delicate
in the car both from the overall bang then
I of desserts 5 I am a little better a
little more lenient you know I much prefer
the first dish certainly the
things that can be saved for are the chicken and the
usual these instead perhaps oh God these
instead balls of  polenta does not reach
the sufficiency this sincerely as
the boys wanted to demonstrate
the garlic test was passed
we know heavy garlic we
completely finished this which has
incredible and I repeat it is incredible and
quad cesc this dish is also even though it
was not the best honestly them
we have finished thanks
second but he is a bit on the pauses or
what to me yes I say thanks he does
n't understand he doesn't understand thanks use
as they say thanks to the Romanian shoes pool
to your mother shell of how the last
two dishes have already arrived and they are not
managed to do is already the daughter of bringing
the ion to you
then of an ultra chic brusini tablet and then
thanks guys these are the last
two dishes and yet this one here which would be
in this is what lande porc and this is a
bourque muscle with be  killed
you can't even cohesive theoretically I'm
well that you can if I think that here there is
still our garlic SOS at dawn
that can never be missing let's take the
consistency many too many with which to
rest cheese goat's cheese did you
know me about
this instead it's about  porchetta
softens yes very soft see us
cut your shin there with muscoletto
[Music]
very soft
incredible go kept look they
present themselves very well like smelled
less now obviously as before
we will go to the tasting it started with this
if we run out of potato wait still
this can be missing no not  it is and it is not garlic
here are cheeses but good home no it's what a
disaster
[Music]
cota I expected something better
honestly porchetta doesn't have
such a strong taste from a porchetta with
bacon among other things I do
n't know very flat as it tastes now bit
out of the jar because which ones I fly much
more very flat in the sense that it tastes like
nothing but it looked good too
bad aesthetically very beautiful but
it could have given more
let's put another half the other flat
its muscles and there just to keep them at
bay then the  potatoes should be
the same but let's approve it anyway
they are slightly better more seasoned
perhaps it would be worth it if they were cooked better let's also
try this little muscle that
melts a
very good disk often incredible
raw this very good with
porchetta
but really good guys but loyal
that elusive consistency as
you said  peux vous
specialists if yes na thing balms yes it's
true it was put above the fact that
these of mine are not really bad and I really
liked that one flat taste
this one however exceptional to
conclude in style this stu lunch
at Italian goods from kimbo coffee
a strange thing is that we noticed that
it is 524 he had noticed that
many many families have arrived many
people are starting to eat
now let me know below in the
comments if maybe seven Romanians if it is a
normal thing it was a mere with dice
cards church are  ideas for a
protein snack or a real dinner let us know
below in the comments
there is a dead silence
but too cold guys we have just
left the restaurant let's play a game I
remember how much mister no I did
n't read it to elected but I  I
still believe in a euro game in my opinion
we could have spent 40 50 40 50 euros
Simone restaurateurs we spent in
this typical restaurant or not
exactly
209 euros
209 lei 209 lei in I'm exactly that
I win a dinner 42 euros and 27 cents
crucial question would you go back to eat
in this place no in this place not
having another lucio is another strong
typical probable number says I would go back
just to eat the first floor is the
one with the new butter with glue
incredible others not bad things but
its probable acceptable eatable
above all nothing  guys this video
is over here remember to subscribe
below in the comments if you also like
this type of video to be made
together with the late chef the
tamarest chef in Romania and nothing I
thank you for your continued support
I thank dad as always I
'll see you very soon  with the next
video beautiful girl bye
[Music]